Moses Erhinyodavwe  
moseserhinyodavwe2@gmail.com 08132532430 
linkedin.com/in/moses-erhinyodavwe-6b52b116a 
Summary 
Hey there! I'm Moses Erhinyodavwe, a passionate problem solver and software developer. With a knack for probleming solving, I've had the pleasure of working on diverse projects, both independently and as a team player. 
As a Full Stack Developer at Silex Secure Lab, I lead a dynamic team in delivering top-notch products for clients. Whether it's converting Figma designs into high-quality code, managing databases, or designing intuitive user interfaces, I thrive on the exciting intersection of creativity and technology. 
My journey includes contributing my skills to impactful projects like the National University Commission's data reporting and analytical application and building e-commerce platforms such as GalleryBebe and GAPA AUTO PARTS. I am an expert in frontend and backend development, utilizing tools like ReactJS, Laravel, and MySQL to craft seamless and robust systems. 

Experience 

Senior Software Engineer
PixelDat
PixelDat is a web3 company that is the Gaming section of solana, they are focused in building high scalable solana dApps and games.
April 2024 - Present

- Implemented figma designs to code, with high precision and accuracy.
- Designed and implemented the work flow for the telegram bot of their product, PUMPMILITIA.
- Implemented Email Template Design.
- I wrote scalable and secure smart contracts on the solana blockchain network.
-  I wrote smart contracts to handle pre-sale and also a whitelist-gated sale.
- I built this website from start to finish https://www.pumpmilitia.io/.

Tools Used: NextJs, ReactJs, Redux, Typescript, MaterialUI, TailwindCss, Rust, Anchor, SolanaWeb3js, MetaPlex and SolanaSpl Library.

Software Engineer
Monirates 
Monirate is a fintech company that focuses on bridging the gap in cross border payments by providing liquidity and interface for cross border payments.
Sep 2023 - April 2024
I worked as an all systems Frontend Engineer, working both on mobile applications and also web applications.
Designed an Emailing Template for Internal Mailing and marketing mails that increased sales by 50%. 
Implemented the CRM tool that helped increase sales.
Worked with the backend team to provide an easily navigable dashboard for the admin to track applications data

Tools Used: NextJs, ReactJs, Redux, Typescript, MaterialUI, TailwindCss.
Senior Software Engineer
Ynet Interactive 
Ynet Interactive is a company that works with other companies to help build custom applications for them and provide them support. Ynet projects are across different areas Although they have their own product a CRM tool CallSavvy

Backend Engineer-Ynet (Insure.IO)
Feb 2024 - May 2024 
- Designed a persistent layer for authentication and Verification. 
-Designed a role based navigation for the site that is powered by Laravel middleware classes 

Fullstack Engineer-Ynet (CallSavvy)
Nov 2023 - May 2024
Designed the UI for CallSavvy Calendar Scheduling system 
- Implemented chat system with both Instagram and Twitter API. 
- Implemented full AI chat improved system 

Fullstack Engineer-Ynet (Medic360)
Nov 2023 - Jan 2024 (3 months) 
- Working closely with the CTO to create custom product and provide support to applications - Designed and built Emergency response management system for Medic360 app: This process included consuming and creating API's for the mobile app using Cordova 
Team Lead-Arik
SILEX SECURE LAB LTD 
Nov 2022 - Dec 2023 (1 year 2 months) 
I worked with junior team members to review and edit their code, create and design systems, provide mental and technical support to team members and help with project Management 
- Designed and implemented the figma design to Code. 
- Created API's that I used for the implementation 
- Optimized the Endpoints and application to increase load time and reaction by 20%> 
Team Lead-GalleryBebe 
Jan 2023 - Nov 2023 (11 months) 
Full Stack Engineer- National University Commission 
Dec 2022 - Nov 2023 (1 year) 

Full Stack Developer-GAPA 
Nov 2022 - May 2023 (7 months) 
I worked as a full time staff and while working based on tasks worked on. Worked with a team to deliver top notch products for clients who engage the services of the company. 
-implemented instant email notification and increased sales by 10%. 
-optimized the warehouse modules and increased store inventory by 100%. 
- Designed and created the accounting module to make accounting and calculations for the accountant by a glance very easy. 
Tools I used here include FrontEnd Stacks and Backend Stacks such as Laravel and PHP. Created and Consumed REST API's, while implementing top notch security Algo 



Education 
University of Ilorin 
B.forestry and wildlife, Forest Management/Forest Resources Management (Sep 2016 - Sep 2021)
Holberton School 
Computer Software Engineering 
Jun 2022 - Aug 2024 

Turbine Builders Cohort
Expert in Rust and Anchor
Jun- Aug 2 024 
Licenses & Certifications 
Complete JavaScript, XML, AJAX and React Bootcamp - Hands-On - YouAccel UC-c0222f79-9fb2-4cad-b28c-cda3ca035b7d 
Introduction to FrontEnd Development - Coursera Course Certificates PUVDEQMHNFG9 
Introduction to Backend Development - Coursera Course Certificates WM2QVDQ26P8E 

Skills 
MySQL   •   React   •   Web Technologies   •   Application Development   •   Mobile Applications   •   React Native   •   Node.js   •   Tailwind CSS   •   REST APIs   •   Twilo 

